Added marking add-ons as deprecated (#949)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/add-ons/longhorn.md

weight: 46
title: "Longhorn Add-On"
addOn: "longhorn"
isDeprecated: true
---

## Deprecation Notice

### This add-on is deprecated.

> kURL will not be moving forward with support of this add-on in kURL starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully deprecated after September 31st, 2023.  Existing installs that use this add-on will continue to be best-effort supported until the deprecation date.  Please consider using the [OpenEBS](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/openebs) or [Rook](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/rook) add-on for your CSI needs moving forward.  We offer a migration path for existing customer installs as described [here](https://kurl.sh/docs/install-with-kurl/migrating-csi).

Reviewer: What fully  vs partial deprecated does means? 
It seems that you want say it is deprecated now and at September 31st goes in EOL.

Reviewer 2: Can we use the term remove rather than deprecate?

> kURL will not be moving forward with support of this add-on in kURL starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully deprecated after September 31st, 2023.  Existing installs that use this add-on will continue to be best-effort supported until the deprecation date.  Please consider using the [OpenEBS](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/openebs) or [Rook](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/rook) add-on for your CSI needs moving forward.  We offer a migration path for existing customer installs as described [here](https://kurl.sh/docs/install-with-kurl/migrating-csi).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kURL will not be moving forward with support of this add-on starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully removed after September 31st, 2023.  Existing installs that use this add-on will continue to be best-effort supported until the removal date.  Please consider using the [OpenEBS](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/openebs) or [Rook](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/rook) add-on for your CSI needs moving forward.  We offer a migration path for existing customer installs as described [here](https://kurl.sh/docs/install-with-kurl/migrating-csi).
```

weight: 46
title: "Longhorn Add-On"
addOn: "longhorn"
isDeprecated: true
---

## Deprecation Notice

### This add-on is deprecated.

> As of March 27, 2023, kURL no longer intends to continue to offer this add-on as part of the ongoing kURL project. This add-on is now considered deprecated, and may no longer be offered by the project after September 31st, 2023. Existing installs that use this add-on will be best effort supported during this deprecation window. Please consider using the [OpenEBS](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/openebs) or [Rook](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/rook) add-on for your CSI needs moving forward. We offer a migration path for existing customer installs as described [here](https://kurl.sh/docs/install-with-kurl/migrating-csi).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Longhorn is deprecated, and may no longer be offered by the project after September 31st, 2023. Existing installs that use this add-on will be best effort supported during this deprecation window. Please consider using the [OpenEBS](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/openebs) or [Rook](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/rook) add-on for your CSI needs moving forward. We offer a migration path for existing customer installs as described [here](https://kurl.sh/docs/install-with-kurl/migrating-csi).
```

weight: 46
title: "Longhorn Add-On"
addOn: "longhorn"
isDeprecated: true
---

## Deprecation Notice

### This add-on is deprecated.

As of March 27, 2023, kURL no longer intends to continue to offer this add-on as part of the ongoing kURL project. This add-on is now considered deprecated, and may no longer be offered by the project after September 31st, 2023. Existing installs that use this add-on will be best effort supported during this deprecation window. Please consider using the [OpenEBS](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/openebs) or [Rook](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/rook) add-on for your CSI needs moving forward. We offer a migration path for existing customer installs as described [here](https://kurl.sh/docs/install-with-kurl/migrating-csi).

> kURL will not be moving forward with support of this add-on starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully removed after .  Existing installs that use this add-on will continue to be best-effort supported until the removal date.  

Reviewer: Would be here no longer offered.
